# StockWatcher

Source files for CS 583 assignment #5 StockWatcher

#### Setup Local Development

1. Clone this repo onto your local machine.
```
git clone https://github.com/arjunkrishnababu96/stockwatcher_cs583.git
```

2. Ensure that the default branch name is `develop`. Run `git branch` to confirm this.
```
 $ git branch
 * develop
```

You're all set to make changes to the code!


#### When you're ready to push
1. Make sure you're on the `develop` branch. If you worked on other branches for your local development, merge those branches into the `develop` branch.

2. Use `git pull` to fetch and merge changes from GitHub onto your local repo. This is so that you don't inadvertently overwrite the code on GitHub.
```
git pull
```
Fix merge conflicts if any.

3. Push to the `develop` branch.
```
git push -u origin develop
```

##### Related Links

1. A succesful git branching model http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/
2. Git branching https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging


---

```
CS 583
Fall 2017
University of New Mexico
```
---
--- Generated by GWT WebAppCreator ---

Congratulations, you've successfully generated a starter project!  What next?

-- Option A: Import your project into Eclipse (recommended) --

If you use Eclipse, you can simply import the generated project into Eclipse.
We've tested against Eclipse 3.3 and 3.4.  Later versions will likely also work,
earlier versions may not.

In Eclipse, go to the File menu and choose:

  File -> Import... -> Existing Projects into Workspace

  Browse to the directory containing this file,
  select "StockWatcher".

  Be sure to uncheck "Copy projects into workspace" if it is checked.

  Click Finish.

You can now browse the project in Eclipse.

To launch your web app in GWT hosted mode, go to the Run menu and choose:

  Run -> Open Debug Dialog...

  Under Java Application, you should find a launch configuration
  named "StockWatcher".  Select and click "Debug".

  You can now use the built-in debugger to debug your web app in hosted mode.

To compile for web mode, just run your app in hosted mode and press the
"Compile/Browse" button.

-- Option B: Build from the command line with Ant --

If you prefer to work from the command line, you can use Ant to build your
project. (http://ant.apache.org/)  Ant uses the generated 'build.xml' file
which describes exactly how to build your project.  This file has been tested
to work against Ant 1.7.1.  The following assumes 'ant' is on your command
line path.

To run hosted mode, just type 'ant hosted'.

To compile your project for deployment, just type 'ant'.

To compile and also bundle into a .war file, type 'ant war'.

For a full listing of other targets, type 'ant -p'.

-- Option C: Using another IDE --

GWT projects can be run in other IDEs as well, but will require some manual
setup.  If you go this route, be sure to:

* Have your IDE build .class files into 'war/WEB-INF/classes'.
* Add gwt-user.jar and gwt-dev-<platform>.jar to your project build path.
* When creating a launch configuration, add a classpath entry for your 'src'
  folder (this is somewhat unusual but GWT needs access to your source files).

If you get stuck, try to mimic what the Ant 'build.xml' would do.
